---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "idcloudhost_vm Resource - terraform-provider-idcloudhost"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# idcloudhost_vm (Resource)
IdCloudHost Virtual Machine instance

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference
The following arguments are supported:
- `billing_account_id` - (Required) Billing account ID associated with the authentication token.
- `name` - (Required) Virtual machine instance name
- `vcpu` - (Required) Number of vCPU allocated to the instance. Valid value: `1` to `16`
- `memory` - (Required) RAM size in Megabytes. Valid range: `1024` to `65536`
- `disks` - (Required) Size of boot disk in Gigabytes. Valid range: `20` to `240`
- `os_name` - (Required) Operating system name. Valid value: `ubuntu`,`debian`,`centos` ( support for `windows` will be added in the future).
- `os_version` - (Required) Operating system version. Valid version for each os name
   - `ubuntu` - `16.04`, `18.04`, `20.04`
  - `debian` - `9.1`
  - `centos` - `7.3.1611`, `6.9.1611`
- `username` - (Required) OS login username. The user will be added as `sudoers`
- `initial_password` - (Required) Initial password to login to the instance. Should be changed immediately or saved in secure state.
- `backup` - (Optional) Is backup enabled for the instance.
- `description` - (Optional) Description
- `public_key` - (Optional) Public key for secure shell login. Will be copied to `~/.ssh/authorized_keys`.
- `source_replica` - (Optional) Disk replica uuid if the boot disk is created from a disk replica (Not implemented yet)
- `source_uuid` - (Optional) UUID of instance used as template. (Not implemented yet)
- `timeouts` - (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference
Additionally, the following computed attributes are exported:
- `created_at` - the resource creation timestamp.
- `hostname` - the Virtual Machine instance hostname.
- `hypervisor_id` - hypervisor id, not documented in the API.
- `id` - The ID of this resource.
- `mac` - MAC address of the network interface.
- `private_ipv4` - private IP address automatically assigned to the instance.
- `status` - Virtual Machine instance status could be one of `running`, `paused`, or `stopped`.
- `storage` - list of disk storage attached including boot disk (see [idcoudhost_vm_disk resource for the schema](#))
- `tags` - tags
- `updated_at` - last updated timestamp
- `user_id` - the user ID
- `uuid` - the globally unique identifier of  this VM instance

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` - (String)